---
title: "Dynamics 365 Business Central integration reference"
slug: "accounting-dynamics-365-business-central-reference"
description: "Things to know when synchronizing data with Dynamics 365 Business Central."
sidebar_label: Reference
---

The way in which Dynamics 365 Business Central handles certain data types affects the data that is pulled from the accounting platform into Codat. This article highlights things to look out for when you view datasets.

## Null values in invoices, bills, credit notes, and bill credit notes

In Business Central, certain data types may display 'null' field values.

Invoices and credit notes without linked customers show the following values:

- **CustomerName** is `Customer not specified`
- **Id** is `NullId`

Bills and bill credit notes without linked suppliers show the following values:

- **SupplierName** of `Supplier not specified`
- **Id** of `NullId`

Line items of invoices, bills, credit notes, and bill credit notes without linked accounts show the following values:

- **Name** of `Account not specified`.
- **Id** of `NullId`

## Bill credit notes and currencies

When the currency of a [bill credit note](/accounting-api#/schemas/billcreditnotes) is not set by the supplier, Codat uses the local, or base currency of the company. In Business Central, this is the **LCY code** on the **General Ledger Setup** page.

## Direct incomes

Direct incomes pushed to Dynamics 365 can only have a single line item because of a limitation of the provider's API.

Direct incomes are pushed in the currency of the bank account specified in the `paymentAllocations.payment.accountRef` field.

## Payment method when pushing Customers or Suppliers

When pushing Customers or Suppliers to Business Central, Codat auto-creates a placeholder payment method with the code "VNDDEFAULT" and the description "Do not use. Auto-generated by an external system". A payment method is required when creating a customer or vendor in Business Central.

If the description was edited in Business Central, a validation error is returned on subsequent pushes. If the code was edited, the placeholder payment method is recreated.

## Tracking categories

When pulling Tracking categories from Business Central, the `subCategories` field within the [tracking category tree model](/accounting-api#/schemas/trackingcategories#tracking-category-tree-model) is not populated. This kind of relationship can't be modeled in Business Central.

Tracking categories are not updated on Bills when sending PUT or POST requests.

## Transfers

To successfully pull Transfers from Business Central, you must have followed the guidance for entering transfers described in the Dynamics 365 documentation. For more information, see <a className="external" href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dynamics365/business-central/bank-how-transfer-bank-funds" target="_blank">Transfer Bank Funds</a>.

Codat only pulls Transfers that consist of exactly two journal entry lines (each of which impacts a bank account). A journal entry containing additional lines is not mapped to Codat as a Transfer.

## Paying multiple invoices or bills

We do not currently support paying multiple invoices or bills, from a single payment or billPayment push. This means that the payloads of these objects must have a single line item. 
