---
title: "Set up the Wave integration"
description: "Explore our API integration with Wave."
createdAt: "2020-04-01T00:56:54.890Z"
updatedAt: "2023-01-16T11:26:01.304Z"
---

Wave is a global accounting platform that simplifies accounting processes for small business owners.

Before you can access data from customers using Wave for their accounting, you need to set up a Wave integration in the Codat portal. You'll need to:

- Register your Wave application on Wave's developer portal.
- Add the secure keys generated by your registration to the Codat portal.
- Enable your Wave integration in the Codat portal.

## Register your application

:::note Developer account details

- If you already have a Wave account, have your account details to hand.
- If you don't, <a href="https://my.waveapps.com/register/" target="_blank">create an account</a> before you start registration.
  :::

To register your Wave application you need to use Wave's developer portal.

1. Go to the <a href="https://developer.waveapps.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019762711" target="_blank">Wave Developer Portal</a> and sign in.  
   The **Manage Applications** page is displayed.
2. If you are using your account for the first time, select _Get Started_. Otherwise, select  
   _Create an application_.  
   The _Create an application_ section is displayed.
3. Add the following details:
   - In the _Name_ box, enter your company’s name. Your customers see this when they authorize your connection to their accounting system.
   - (Optional) In the _Description_ box, you can write a short description of the application.
   - In the _Redirect URIs_ box, enter `https://wave.codat.io/oauth/callback`
   - In the _Logo_ box, select _Choose File_ to upload your company logo. The logo appears on the authorization page that your customers see.

:::caution Logo displayed on authorization page
If you don't upload your own company logo, the Codat logo appears on the authorization page.
:::

4. Read the terms of use carefully, and then scroll down and select the _Yes, I agree checkbox_.
5. Select _Create your application_.  
   The page refreshes and shows a table that contains your application name, and description, if you added one.
6. Select your application name.  
   The page refreshes and shows the secure keys that you need for the next stage of the process.
7. Either keep this page open in a separate browser tab or copy the _Client ID_ and _Client Secret_ to a Word document or similar.

## Add your application's secure keys to the Codat portal

1. In the Codat Portal, go to the <a className="external" href="https://app.codat.io/settings/integrations/accounting" target="_blank">**Accounting integrations**</a> page.
1. Locate **Wave** and click **Set up**.
1. Under **Integration settings**, enter the values for the **Client ID** and **Client secret** from your app in the Wave Developer Portal.
1. Click **Save**. A confirmation message appears if the settings were saved successfully
1. The **Enable Wave** dialog is displayed. Select whether to enable the integration now or later.

:::note
Make sure that your secure keys don't contain any spaces.
:::

## Enable the Wave integration

1. In the Codat Portal, go to the <a className="external" href="https://app.codat.io/settings/integrations/accounting" target="blank">**Accounting integrations**</a> page.
2. Locate **Wave** and click the toggle to enable the integration.

You can also click **Manage** to view the integration's settings page, and then enable the integration from there.
